# journey_analytics_api

JourneyAnalyticsApi - JavaScript client for journey_analytics_api
No description provided (generated by Openapi Generator https://github.com/openapitools/openapi-generator)
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 6.35.0
- Package version: 6.35.0
- Generator version: 7.4.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install journey_analytics_api --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your journey_analytics_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var JourneyAnalyticsApi = require('journey_analytics_api');

var defaultClient = JourneyAnalyticsApi.ApiClient.instance;
// Configure API key authorization: TokenAuth
var TokenAuth = defaultClient.authentications['TokenAuth'];
TokenAuth.apiKey = "YOUR API KEY"
// Uncomment the following line to set a prefix for the API key, e.g. "Token" (defaults to null)
//TokenAuth.apiKeyPrefix['X-Api-Key'] = "Token"

var api = new JourneyAnalyticsApi.AuthServerApi()
var aUTHChangePasswordRequest = new JourneyAnalyticsApi.AUTHChangePasswordRequest(); // {AUTHChangePasswordRequest} Set a new password for tthe specified login
api.aUTHChangePassword(aUTHChangePasswordRequest).then(function(data) {
  console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
}, function(error) {
  console.error(error);
});


```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost/services/api.svc/jsonsdk*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.AuthServerApi* | [**aUTHChangePassword**](docs/AuthServerApi.md#aUTHChangePassword) | **POST** /AUTH_ChangePassword | Set a new password for tthe specified login
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.AuthServerApi* | [**aUTHCreateLogin**](docs/AuthServerApi.md#aUTHCreateLogin) | **POST** /AUTH_CreateLogin | Creates a login and associates it with the client
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.AuthServerApi* | [**aUTHDisableLogin**](docs/AuthServerApi.md#aUTHDisableLogin) | **POST** /AUTH_DisableLogin | Disable the specified login
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.AuthServerApi* | [**aUTHEnableLogin**](docs/AuthServerApi.md#aUTHEnableLogin) | **POST** /AUTH_EnableLogin | Enable the specified login
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.AuthServerApi* | [**aUTHExpirePassword**](docs/AuthServerApi.md#aUTHExpirePassword) | **POST** /AUTH_ExpirePassword | Expire the password for the specified login
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.AuthServerApi* | [**aUTHGetClientLogins**](docs/AuthServerApi.md#aUTHGetClientLogins) | **POST** /AUTH_GetClientLogins | Get a list of logins from the authentication system which are currently assigned to the token&#39;s client
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.AuthServerApi* | [**aUTHGetLoginPasswordRules**](docs/AuthServerApi.md#aUTHGetLoginPasswordRules) | **POST** /AUTH_GetLoginPasswordRules | Request the password policy rules from the authentication system
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.AuthServerApi* | [**aUTHGetLogins**](docs/AuthServerApi.md#aUTHGetLogins) | **POST** /AUTH_GetLogins | Get a list of logins from the authentication system which are currently assigned to the token&#39;s client and have no user associated with them
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.AuthServerApi* | [**aUTHGetLoginsForUser**](docs/AuthServerApi.md#aUTHGetLoginsForUser) | **POST** /AUTH_GetLoginsForUser | Returns back the login(s) associated with a particular userid and siteid
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.AuthServerApi* | [**aUTHRenameLogin**](docs/AuthServerApi.md#aUTHRenameLogin) | **POST** /AUTH_RenameLogin | Rename the specified login
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.AuthServerApi* | [**aUTHSetLoginUserId**](docs/AuthServerApi.md#aUTHSetLoginUserId) | **POST** /AUTH_SetLoginUserId | Associates an auth system login with a CM user ID
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.AuthServerApi* | [**aUTHUpdateLogin**](docs/AuthServerApi.md#aUTHUpdateLogin) | **POST** /AUTH_UpdateLogin | Updates the important components of a login, use expire, etc. to expire or delete a login
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.BrandApi* | [**addLoginImpersonation**](docs/BrandApi.md#addLoginImpersonation) | **POST** /AddLoginImpersonation | Allow a login to use the impersonation feature of GetBrandToken
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.BrandApi* | [**addUserToBrands**](docs/BrandApi.md#addUserToBrands) | **POST** /AddUserToBrands | Replicates a user from the brand associated with the current token to all brands in BrandIds to which the token has access
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.BrandApi* | [**getBrandToken**](docs/BrandApi.md#getBrandToken) | **POST** /GetBrandToken | Returns back a token used to access the brand provided.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.BrandApi* | [**getBrands**](docs/BrandApi.md#getBrands) | **POST** /GetBrands | Returns back a list of brands which this login can access
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.BrandApi* | [**getLoginBrandDefault**](docs/BrandApi.md#getLoginBrandDefault) | **POST** /GetLoginBrandDefault | Returns back the brand default for the specified login
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.BrandApi* | [**getLoginUserMapping**](docs/BrandApi.md#getLoginUserMapping) | **POST** /GetLoginUserMapping | Look in the system for a login\\user mapping which matches the search criteria.  Note, if you do not provide either the login id or user id, it will return back the mapping for the token&#39;s login
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.BrandApi* | [**getTokenDetails**](docs/BrandApi.md#getTokenDetails) | **POST** /GetTokenDetails | Request details about a token.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.BrandApi* | [**removeLoginBrandDefault**](docs/BrandApi.md#removeLoginBrandDefault) | **POST** /RemoveLoginBrandDefault | Removes a login brand default
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.BrandApi* | [**removeLoginImpersonation**](docs/BrandApi.md#removeLoginImpersonation) | **POST** /RemoveLoginImpersonation | Stop allowing a login from using the impersonation feature of GetBrandToken
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.BrandApi* | [**removeLoginUserMapping**](docs/BrandApi.md#removeLoginUserMapping) | **POST** /RemoveLoginUserMapping | Remove a login\\user mapping
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.BrandApi* | [**setLoginBrandDefault**](docs/BrandApi.md#setLoginBrandDefault) | **POST** /SetLoginBrandDefault | Sets a login&#39;s brand to the default brand specified
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.BrandApi* | [**setLoginUserMapping**](docs/BrandApi.md#setLoginUserMapping) | **POST** /SetLoginUserMapping | Sets the login\\user mapping
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.ClientApi* | [**createClient**](docs/ClientApi.md#createClient) | **POST** /CreateClient | Create a new @see(ALClient), with it&#39;s own unique database and set of users.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.ClientApi* | [**createClientEx**](docs/ClientApi.md#createClientEx) | **POST** /CreateClientEx | Create a new @see(ALClient), with it&#39;s own unique database and set of users.             Additionally creates an example user / group with relevant permissions to design campaign factory campaigns.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.ClientApi* | [**deleteClient**](docs/ClientApi.md#deleteClient) | **POST** /DeleteClient | Deletes a @see(ALClient).  Removes the client&#39;s database.  Note that the client must be disabled with @see(DisableClient) before calling this.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.ClientApi* | [**disableClient**](docs/ClientApi.md#disableClient) | **POST** /DisableClient | Mark an individual @see(ALClient) as disabled. Disabled clients will not allow users to log on, documents will not be processed etc.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.ClientApi* | [**enableClient**](docs/ClientApi.md#enableClient) | **POST** /EnableClient | Mark an individual @see(ALClient) as enabled. Enabled clients allow users to log on, documents will be processed etc.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.ClientApi* | [**getClientSettings**](docs/ClientApi.md#getClientSettings) | **POST** /GetClientSettings | Returns the settings for the specified Client
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.ClientApi* | [**getClients**](docs/ClientApi.md#getClients) | **POST** /GetClients | Return a list of clients that match the supplied (optional) filters.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.ClientApi* | [**getCurrentClient**](docs/ClientApi.md#getCurrentClient) | **POST** /GetCurrentClient | Returns back the client for the current token
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.ClientApi* | [**updateClientSettings**](docs/ClientApi.md#updateClientSettings) | **POST** /UpdateClientSettings | Updates the settings for the specified client. Warning: This API deletes any settings not included in the update request
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.ClientsetApi* | [**addClientToClientSet**](docs/ClientsetApi.md#addClientToClientSet) | **POST** /AddClientToClientSet | Move a @see(ALClient) from it&#39;s current @see(ALClientSet) to another clientset
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.ClientsetApi* | [**createClientSet**](docs/ClientsetApi.md#createClientSet) | **POST** /CreateClientSet | Create a new @see(ALClientSet) within the system.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.ClientsetApi* | [**deleteClientSet**](docs/ClientsetApi.md#deleteClientSet) | **POST** /DeleteClientSet | Remove the given @see(ALClientSet) from the system. This method will fail if any @see(ALClient) exists within the clientset - i.e. the clientset must be empty before deletion
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.ClientsetApi* | [**getClientSets**](docs/ClientsetApi.md#getClientSets) | **POST** /GetClientSets | List all the clientsets within the system
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**areDatasourceCampaignsPaused**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#areDatasourceCampaignsPaused) | **POST** /AreDatasourceCampaignsPaused | Pausing a datasource can take a while, as the campaigns and metrics in this datasource will need to complete their current action before pausing.              The @see(PauseDatasourceCampaigns) call will return immediately, but this method should be called repeatedly until the list of ID&#39;s returned is empty.             Note that the id&#39;s returned are the list of campaigns and metrics which are still running, and can be used in @see(GetCampaign) or @see(GetMetric) to get further details about the              campaign(s)/metric(s) that are preventing the datasource from pausing.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**areDatasourceJobsComplete**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#areDatasourceJobsComplete) | **POST** /AreDatasourceJobsComplete | Finishing off any in-progress jobs on a datasource can take a while, as the SEV loaders and archivers in this datasource will need to complete their current action before exiting.              The @see(MarkDatasourceAsPendingDisable) call will return immediately, but this method should be called repeatedly until the list of ID&#39;s returned is empty.             Note that the id&#39;s returned are the list of active jobs which are still running
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**createDataSourceMapping**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#createDataSourceMapping) | **POST** /CreateDataSourceMapping | Add in a @see(DatasourceUserMapping).
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**createDatasource**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#createDatasource) | **POST** /CreateDatasource | Creates an engine datasource configured to point at the specified server and project.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**deleteDataSourceMapping**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#deleteDataSourceMapping) | **POST** /DeleteDataSourceMapping | Remove a @see(DatasourceUserMapping) from the system.  Once this is done, the particular @see(ALUser) will return back to using SYSTEM as the engine User
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**deleteDatasource**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#deleteDatasource) | **POST** /DeleteDatasource | Deletes a datasource.  Please note that any document which accesses this datasource might not be able to opened.  This method will fail if there are any campaigns which are active against this datasource.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**deleteFieldTransformList**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#deleteFieldTransformList) | **POST** /DeleteFieldTransformList | Delete all versions of the specified transformation list
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**deleteTransform**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#deleteTransform) | **POST** /DeleteTransform | Delete all versions of the specified transform
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**disableDatasource**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#disableDatasource) | **POST** /DisableDatasource | Marks a datasource as disabled and invisible.  Typically used as part of the load process.  Please note that once you mark a datasource as disabled, anything which relies upon it will cease to function so make sure you pause campaigns first using @see(PauseDatasourceCampaigns) and verify all campaign activity has ceased with @see(AreDatasourceCampaignsPaused)
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**enableDatasource**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#enableDatasource) | **POST** /EnableDatasource | Marks a datasource as enabled and visible.  This makes the datasource available for immediate usage.  You can optionally ask the engine listener service to refresh this datasource upon next poll.  Useful for doing a dataload.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**exportFieldTransformList**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#exportFieldTransformList) | **GET** /ExportFieldTransformList | Export a list of field transforms for use in transforming discrete values
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**getDataSourceAttributes**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#getDataSourceAttributes) | **POST** /GetDataSourceAttributes | Get a list of the attributes which can be applied to the given type of datasource.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**getDataSourceEngineUserName**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#getDataSourceEngineUserName) | **POST** /GetDataSourceEngineUserName | Given a userID and datasourceID, return back the engine user name which should be used whilst connecting
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**getDataSourceItems**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#getDataSourceItems) | **POST** /GetDataSourceItems | Allows you to search for data source objects, inclusing datasource, database, table and columns.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**getDataSourceMappings**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#getDataSourceMappings) | **POST** /GetDataSourceMappings | Return back the @see(DatasourceUserMapping)s in the system
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**getDataSourceTypes**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#getDataSourceTypes) | **POST** /GetDataSourceTypes | Return back a list of @see(ALDataSourceType) for use with @see(ALDataSource)s.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**getDataSourceUsers**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#getDataSourceUsers) | **POST** /GetDataSourceUsers | Requests a list of users from a particular @see(ALDataSource).  This call currently only functions against an Engine @see(ALDataSource).
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**getDataSources**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#getDataSources) | **POST** /GetDataSources | Returns back a list of @see(ALDataSource)s from the system
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**getDatasource**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#getDatasource) | **POST** /GetDatasource | Retrieves the top level data for a datasource.  Does not fully populate the datasource.  This is useful for getting things like the project, server and last refresh date.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**getDatasourceColumn**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#getDatasourceColumn) | **POST** /GetDatasourceColumn | Fetch the details of one column from the system.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**getDatasourceColumns**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#getDatasourceColumns) | **POST** /GetDatasourceColumns | Fetch a list of columns from the system.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**getDatasourceDatabases**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#getDatasourceDatabases) | **POST** /GetDatasourceDatabases | Fetch a list of databases from the system.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**getDatasourceFieldTypes**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#getDatasourceFieldTypes) | **POST** /GetDatasourceFieldTypes | Fetch a list of the available types of field that are supported
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**getDatasourceTables**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#getDatasourceTables) | **POST** /GetDatasourceTables | Fetch a list of tables from the system.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**getDecodeList**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#getDecodeList) | **POST** /GetDecodeList | Get a specified decode list
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**getFieldTransformList**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#getFieldTransformList) | **POST** /GetFieldTransformList | Get a list of field transforms for use in transforming discrete values
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**getFieldTransformLists**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#getFieldTransformLists) | **POST** /GetFieldTransformLists | Get the basic details for all available transform lists (Name, Id, (Max) Version- but not Metadata or JSON transforms)
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**getProcessStatus**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#getProcessStatus) | **POST** /GetProcessStatus | Gets the status of a process which was queued.  Note that once the process is finished, you may only get the status once and each call thereafter will return NotFound.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**getTransforms**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#getTransforms) | **POST** /GetTransforms | Get the basic details for all available transforms (Name, Id, (Max) Version, Type) and which versions have actually been published
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**markDatasourceAsPendingDisable**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#markDatasourceAsPendingDisable) | **POST** /MarkDatasourceAsPendingDisable | Mark a data source as pending disable. This will cause any active SEV threads to exit upon their next iteration, which can take a while.              Clients should then call @see(AreDatasourceJobsComplete) to check that the datasource is idle before continuing to perform the actual disable, and can call @see(DisableDatasource)
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**pauseDatasourceCampaigns**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#pauseDatasourceCampaigns) | **POST** /PauseDatasourceCampaigns | Pause the campaigns in this datasource. This will request all the campaigns that use this datasource to be paused, which can take a while.              Clients should then call @see(AreDatasourceCampaignsPaused) to check that the datasource is idle before continuing, and can call @see(ResumeDatasourceCampaigns)
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**refreshDatasource**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#refreshDatasource) | **POST** /RefreshDatasource | Requests an immediate refresh of an engine datasource.  Call @see(GetProcessStatus) to determine when the refresh has finished or check the LastRefresh date on the datasource.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**resumeDatasourceCampaigns**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#resumeDatasourceCampaigns) | **POST** /ResumeDatasourceCampaigns | Resume the campaigns in this datasource. This is the opposite of @see(PauseDatasourceCampaigns), and only campaigns that were paused by that method will be resumed. Campaigns that             were paused manually will not be resumed.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**saveDecodeList**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#saveDecodeList) | **POST** /SaveDecodeList | Save a list of decodes
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**saveFieldTransformList**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#saveFieldTransformList) | **POST** /SaveFieldTransformList | Save a list of field transforms for use in transforming discrete values
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**updateDataSourceMapping**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#updateDataSourceMapping) | **POST** /UpdateDataSourceMapping | Updates a @see(DatasourceUserMapping) to map it to another engine user name.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourcesApi* | [**updateDatasource**](docs/DatasourcesApi.md#updateDatasource) | **POST** /UpdateDatasource | Updates an @see(ALDataSource) with the data which is provided.  Please note that the only properties which are relevant are IsEnabled, IsVisible, Name, LastRefresh and attributes.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMProxyApi* | [**eMAbortDeployment**](docs/EMProxyApi.md#eMAbortDeployment) | **POST** /EM_AbortDeployment | Proxy call to EM UserManager.asmx to abort a deployment
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMProxyApi* | [**eMAuthenticate**](docs/EMProxyApi.md#eMAuthenticate) | **POST** /EM_Authenticate | Proxy call to EM Authenticate.asmx             public string AuthenticateEx(string Login, string Password, string NewPassword, bool BumpExisting, DateTime LocalTime, DMPasswordFormat PasswordFormat)
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMProxyApi* | [**eMDeleteList**](docs/EMProxyApi.md#eMDeleteList) | **POST** /EM_DeleteList | Deletes a list
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMProxyApi* | [**eMGetClientGroupUsers**](docs/EMProxyApi.md#eMGetClientGroupUsers) | **POST** /EM_GetClientGroupUsers | Proxy call to EM UserManager.asmx             public DMUserCollection GetClientGroupUsers(string Token, DMClient Client, int GroupID)
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMProxyApi* | [**eMGetClientGroups**](docs/EMProxyApi.md#eMGetClientGroups) | **POST** /EM_GetClientGroups | Proxy call to the EM UserManager.asmx              DMGroupCollection GetClientGroups(string Token, DMClient Client, out DMNestedGroupCollection Nested)
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMProxyApi* | [**eMGetClientInfo**](docs/EMProxyApi.md#eMGetClientInfo) | **POST** /EM_GetClientInfo | Proxy call to EM Authenticate.asmx             public void GetClientInfo(string Token, out int ID, out string Name, out string ContentURL, out string Icon)
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMProxyApi* | [**eMGetClientSets**](docs/EMProxyApi.md#eMGetClientSets) | **POST** /EM_GetClientSets | Proxy call to EM ClientManager.asmx             public DMClientSetCollection GetClientSets(string Token)
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMProxyApi* | [**eMGetCreative**](docs/EMProxyApi.md#eMGetCreative) | **POST** /EM_GetCreative | Proxy call to get EM creative
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMProxyApi* | [**eMGetCreativeFields**](docs/EMProxyApi.md#eMGetCreativeFields) | **POST** /EM_GetCreativeFields | Proxy call to get EM creative fields
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMProxyApi* | [**eMGetCreatives**](docs/EMProxyApi.md#eMGetCreatives) | **POST** /EM_GetCreatives | Proxy call to get EM creatives
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMProxyApi* | [**eMGetEMServiceURL**](docs/EMProxyApi.md#eMGetEMServiceURL) | **POST** /EM_GetEMServiceURL | Returns back the EM Service URL for the siteID requested.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMProxyApi* | [**eMGetEmailValidationExpression**](docs/EMProxyApi.md#eMGetEmailValidationExpression) | **POST** /EM_GetEmailValidationExpression | Return the regular expression string used to validate an email address. This is the same expression used by Email Manager.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMProxyApi* | [**eMGetFoldersLazy**](docs/EMProxyApi.md#eMGetFoldersLazy) | **POST** /EM_GetFoldersLazy | Returns an object containing the list of folders in the specified folder, together with a string representation of the folder hierarchy.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMProxyApi* | [**eMGetInboundAddresses**](docs/EMProxyApi.md#eMGetInboundAddresses) | **POST** /EM_GetInboundAddresses | Proxy call to get inbound addresses
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMProxyApi* | [**eMGetTemplateContent**](docs/EMProxyApi.md#eMGetTemplateContent) | **POST** /EM_GetTemplateContent | Proxy call to get EM template content
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMProxyApi* | [**eMGetUsers**](docs/EMProxyApi.md#eMGetUsers) | **POST** /EM_GetUsers | Proxy call to EM UserManager.asmx             public List(DMUser) GetUsers(string Token) Can use with existing EMToken or supply mapping Id for auto-login
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMProxyApi* | [**eMIsSysAdmin**](docs/EMProxyApi.md#eMIsSysAdmin) | **POST** /EM_IsSysAdmin | Proxy call to EM Authenticate.asmx             public bool IsSysAdmin(string Token)
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMProxyApi* | [**eMLogOff**](docs/EMProxyApi.md#eMLogOff) | **POST** /EM_LogOff | Proxy call to EM Authenticate.asmx             public void Logout(string Token)             Logs the user associated with the token provided out of the system.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMProxyApi* | [**eMPauseDeployment**](docs/EMProxyApi.md#eMPauseDeployment) | **POST** /EM_PauseDeployment | Proxy call to EM UserManager.asmx to pause a deployment
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMProxyApi* | [**eMPrimaryKeys**](docs/EMProxyApi.md#eMPrimaryKeys) | **POST** /EM_PrimaryKeys | Returns back the primary keys for a specific EM client
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMProxyApi* | [**eMSetEMServiceURL**](docs/EMProxyApi.md#eMSetEMServiceURL) | **POST** /EM_SetEMServiceURL | Sets the URL used to connect to the EM instance
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMProxyApi* | [**eMTestEMServiceURL**](docs/EMProxyApi.md#eMTestEMServiceURL) | **POST** /EM_TestEMServiceURL | Tests the EM Service URL
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EmailManagerMappingApi* | [**createEMMapping**](docs/EmailManagerMappingApi.md#createEMMapping) | **POST** /CreateEMMapping | Added a new @see(EMUploadMapping) into the system, returning back the ID of the new mapping.  Note that @see(EMMapping)s must be uniquely named.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EmailManagerMappingApi* | [**createEMSession**](docs/EmailManagerMappingApi.md#createEMSession) | **POST** /CreateEMSession | Connects to a mapping&#39;s EM system and provides back the application details [including token and other settings]
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EmailManagerMappingApi* | [**deleteEMMapping**](docs/EmailManagerMappingApi.md#deleteEMMapping) | **POST** /DeleteEMMapping | Deletes an @see(EMUploadMapping) from the system.  If a mapping which is currently in use is deleted, campaigns which rely upon it will cease to function.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EmailManagerMappingApi* | [**getEMDownloadMappings**](docs/EmailManagerMappingApi.md#getEMDownloadMappings) | **POST** /GetEMDownloadMappings | Return back a list of the @see(EMDownloadMapping)s which the token can view.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EmailManagerMappingApi* | [**getEMMapping**](docs/EmailManagerMappingApi.md#getEMMapping) | **POST** /GetEMMapping | Returns back a single @see(EMUploadMapping) by its ID.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EmailManagerMappingApi* | [**getEMMappings**](docs/EmailManagerMappingApi.md#getEMMappings) | **POST** /GetEMMappings | Return back a list of the @see(EMUploadMapping)s which the token can view.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EmailManagerMappingApi* | [**moveEMMapping**](docs/EmailManagerMappingApi.md#moveEMMapping) | **POST** /MoveEMMapping | Provides a way to easily move an @see(EMUploadMapping) from one folder to another.  Note that @see(EMMapping)s must be uniquely named within a folder.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EmailManagerMappingApi* | [**renameEMMapping**](docs/EmailManagerMappingApi.md#renameEMMapping) | **POST** /RenameEMMapping | Provides a way to easily rename an @see(EMUploadMapping).  Note that @see(EMMapping)s must be uniquely named.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EmailManagerMappingApi* | [**updateEMMapping**](docs/EmailManagerMappingApi.md#updateEMMapping) | **POST** /UpdateEMMapping | Updates an @see(EMUploadMapping) so you can change the name, folder, etc.  Note that @see(EMMapping)s must be uniquely named.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**createChannel**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#createChannel) | **POST** /CreateChannel | Create a channel colour mapping
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**createEventStream**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#createEventStream) | **POST** /CreateEventStream | Creates an event stream, including a datasource and a DDE queue
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**createEventStreamGroup**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#createEventStreamGroup) | **POST** /CreateEventStreamGroup | Creates an event stream group, including a datasource and a DDE queue for each target (dev/test/prod)
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**createIdealisedJourney**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#createIdealisedJourney) | **POST** /CreateIdealisedJourney | Create an Idealised Journey
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**createSankeyFavourite**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#createSankeyFavourite) | **POST** /CreateSankeyFavourite | Create a Sankey Favourite
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**createVisualisationFavourite**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#createVisualisationFavourite) | **POST** /CreateVisualisationFavourite | Create a Visualisation Favourite
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**deleteChannel**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#deleteChannel) | **POST** /DeleteChannel | Removed a channel and its associated colour from the channel list.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**deleteEventStream**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#deleteEventStream) | **POST** /DeleteEventStream | Removes an event stream from the system, optionally purging and deleting the corresponding queue in DDE.  Also can delete the underlying data store if the number of rows in the data store is less than the number provided
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**deleteEventStreamCustomerColumns**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#deleteEventStreamCustomerColumns) | **POST** /DeleteEventStreamCustomerColumns | Mark for deletion the specified customer attribute columns for an @see(EventStream).             NOTE THAT THE ASSOCIATED ENGINE COLUMN AND DDE CACHE COLUMN WILL BE DELETED AND ANY DATA LOST PERMANENTLY.             Deletion of the column from Engine and the DDE cache is not synchronous so attempts to recreate the column may fail initially and require a different name to be specified.             Once marked for deletion the columns no longer contribute to the cap imposed by the max number of allowed columns.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**deleteEventStreamCustomerColumnsFromGroup**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#deleteEventStreamCustomerColumnsFromGroup) | **POST** /DeleteEventStreamCustomerColumnsFromGroup | Mark for deletion the specified customer attribute columns for all @see(EventStream)s in a group.             NOTE THAT THE ASSOCIATED ENGINE COLUMN AND DDE CACHE COLUMN WILL BE DELETED AND ANY DATA LOST PERMANENTLY.             Deletion of the column from Engine and the DDE cache is not synchronous so attempts to recreate the column may fail initially and require a different name to be specified.             Once marked for deletion the columns no longer contribute to the cap imposed by the max number of allowed columns.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**deleteEventStreamGroup**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#deleteEventStreamGroup) | **POST** /DeleteEventStreamGroup | Removes a group of event streams from the system, optionally purging and deleting the corresponding queues in DDE.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**deleteIdealisedJourney**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#deleteIdealisedJourney) | **POST** /DeleteIdealisedJourney | Delete Idealised Journey&#39;s
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**deleteSankeyFavourites**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#deleteSankeyFavourites) | **POST** /DeleteSankeyFavourites | Delete a sankey favourite
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**deleteVisualisationFavourites**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#deleteVisualisationFavourites) | **POST** /DeleteVisualisationFavourites | Delete Visualisation favourite(s)
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**exportEventStreamInteraction**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#exportEventStreamInteraction) | **POST** /ExportEventStreamInteraction | Exports the domain of a particular node to return a sample of the CXID (VisitorId) values.             To get the results for \&quot;other\&quot; events pass all displayed events and set &#39;IncludeMatchedEvents&#39; to False.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**getChannels**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#getChannels) | **POST** /GetChannels | Return back a list of channels and their associated colours
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**getEventRecords**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#getEventRecords) | **POST** /GetEventRecords | Obtain the event records from an event stream table that match the specified key
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**getEventStream**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#getEventStream) | **POST** /GetEventStream | Return back the full details of an @see(EventStream).  Ids are available from @see(GetEventStreams)
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**getEventStreamAggregates**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#getEventStreamAggregates) | **POST** /GetEventStreamAggregates | Get aggregate stats for an Event Stream.              Currently only supported for JD snapshots (simply because traditional sankey snapshots won&#39;t have the financial columns yet)
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**getEventStreamChannels**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#getEventStreamChannels) | **POST** /GetEventStreamChannels | Requests a list of the channels which the event stream has received.  Use this list to create channel colour mappings @see(CreateChannel).  Use @see(GetEventStreams) for a list of the available @see(EventStream)s
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**getEventStreamDecodeMappings**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#getEventStreamDecodeMappings) | **POST** /GetEventStreamDecodeMappings | Given an event stream this API will take an event stream column, sample the data using the specified dates, apply any published transform and then return a cursored list of the labels taking account any decodes that may have been specified             Note that this API does not use any published decode information, if a decode list is to be applied then it should be specified explicitly
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**getEventStreamDecodeTargetDiscretes**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#getEventStreamDecodeTargetDiscretes) | **POST** /GetEventStreamDecodeTargetDiscretes | Given an event stream this API will take an event stream column, sample the data using the specified dates, apply any published transform and then return a list of all the currently configured decode targets along with any counts             If a target does not appear in the sampled data it will be returned with a count of zero so it can be optionally filtered out of any picklist
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**getEventStreamDiscreteValues**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#getEventStreamDiscreteValues) | **POST** /GetEventStreamDiscreteValues | Obtain discrete values from an event stream table             Supports use of a snapshot table which should reduce the chances of us blowing the Engine discrete limit.             The first parameters constitute the sankey filters and thereby the starting set for discretes             It will also allow us to filter the values by the specified discrete filters             If the sankey filters return no data then an execption is thrown stating that \&quot;No data is available for the specified filters\&quot; as this is probably not what the user wants             If the discretes filter suppresses out all data in the sankey then no exception is raised but zero totals are returned
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**getEventStreamModels**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#getEventStreamModels) | **POST** /GetEventStreamModels | Retrieve available models
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**getEventStreams**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#getEventStreams) | **POST** /GetEventStreams | Returns back a list of event streams which exist in the system
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**getFieldTransformationDiscreteValues**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#getFieldTransformationDiscreteValues) | **POST** /GetFieldTransformationDiscreteValues | Apply a list of transforms to the discrete values of a column and return the new set of values and their frequencies             If JSONTransforms is not supplied then the results will simply be the discrete values present in the source column after any sample has been applied
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**getFieldTransformationMappings**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#getFieldTransformationMappings) | **POST** /GetFieldTransformationMappings | Apply a list of transforms and return information about the transformed value and frequency for each item in the starting set of values             If JSONCompareTransforms is specified then the starting set of values is the result of first applying these to these to the specified column             If JSONCompareTransforms is not specified then the starting set of values is the actual discrete values present in the column
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**getIdealisedJourneys**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#getIdealisedJourneys) | **POST** /GetIdealisedJourneys | Retrieve a list of Idealised Journeys
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**getSankeyFavourites**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#getSankeyFavourites) | **POST** /GetSankeyFavourites | Retrieve a list of Sankey Favourites
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**getVisualisationFavourites**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#getVisualisationFavourites) | **POST** /GetVisualisationFavourites | Retrieve a list of Visualisation Favourites
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**queryEventStream**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#queryEventStream) | **POST** /QueryEventStream | Queries the domain of selected event records that is represented by the date and event type filters, returning the list of events and graph of transition streams along with frequency counts.             Transitions will specify start and end points using indices into the list of events, along with some special values.             The &#39;Drop off&#39; points where a stream ends will be assigned an index of -1.             Any transition to an event that does not fall into the TopN specification will be assigned to an &#39;other events&#39; category with an index of -2.             Right aligned streams will be left-padded up to the MaxLength specification using a &#39;no event&#39; category with an index of -3.             If timeout events are required then the start of the sequence leading up to a timeout will be flagged with an index of -4 and the end with an index of -5.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**queryEventStreamCount**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#queryEventStreamCount) | **POST** /QueryEventStreamCount | Take the domain of selected event records that is represented by the date filters, and count streams matching the agreed patterns represented by the CountType parameter
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**queryEventStreamInteraction**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#queryEventStreamInteraction) | **POST** /QueryEventStreamInteraction | Queries the domain of a particular node to return a sample of the CXID (VisitorId) values.             To get the results for \&quot;other\&quot; events pass all displayed events and set &#39;IncludeMatchedEvents&#39; to False.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**queryEventStreamTransition**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#queryEventStreamTransition) | **POST** /QueryEventStreamTransition | Queries the domain from a particular node to another node to return a sample of the CXID (VisitorId) values.             To get the results for \&quot;other\&quot; events pass all displayed events and set &#39;IncludeMatchedEventsFrom&#39; / IncludeMatchedEventsTo to False.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**runSequencePredictor**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#runSequencePredictor) | **POST** /RunSequencePredictor | Train and employ sequence prediction models for an event stream
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**updateChannel**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#updateChannel) | **POST** /UpdateChannel | Updates a channel, allowing you to change the name and colour
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**updateEventStreamFieldTransformLists**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#updateEventStreamFieldTransformLists) | **POST** /UpdateEventStreamFieldTransformLists | Publishes the specified transforms to the corresponding event stream columns             Any existing list for a column that matches on Transform Type and Alias will be replaced
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**updateIdealisedJourney**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#updateIdealisedJourney) | **POST** /UpdateIdealisedJourney | Update an Idealised Journey
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**updateSankeyFavourite**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#updateSankeyFavourite) | **POST** /UpdateSankeyFavourite | Update a SankeyFavourite
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**updateVisualisationFavourite**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#updateVisualisationFavourite) | **POST** /UpdateVisualisationFavourite | Update a Visualisation Favourite
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**upsertEventStreamCustomerColumns**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#upsertEventStreamCustomerColumns) | **POST** /UpsertEventStreamCustomerColumns | Add or update customer attribute columns for an @see(EventStream).             Only updates to column width (that are atomic and have no truncation risk) are currenty supported.              Width only needs to be specified for text or unicode columns.              The number of allowed columns is capped.              Customer attribute columns must maintain discrete cardinality to be used in the Sankey.              Names must meet Engine naming requirements.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamsApi* | [**upsertEventStreamCustomerColumnsToGroup**](docs/EventStreamsApi.md#upsertEventStreamCustomerColumnsToGroup) | **POST** /UpsertEventStreamCustomerColumnsToGroup | Add or update customer attribute columns to the @see(EventStream)s in a group.             Only updates to column width (that are atomic and have no truncation risk) are currenty supported.              Width only needs to be specified for text or unicode columns.              The number of allowed columns is capped.              Customer attribute columns must maintain discrete cardinality to be used in the Sankey.              Names must meet Engine naming requirements.             There is some latency (up to 5 mins) between a column being created and the queue service starting to read the data unless the queue service is restarted
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.FolderApi* | [**createFolder**](docs/FolderApi.md#createFolder) | **POST** /CreateFolder | Create a @see(Folder)
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.FolderApi* | [**deleteFolder**](docs/FolderApi.md#deleteFolder) | **POST** /DeleteFolder | Delete a @see(Folder)
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.FolderApi* | [**getFolder**](docs/FolderApi.md#getFolder) | **POST** /GetFolder | Get a particular @see(Folder) by it&#39;s ID
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.FolderApi* | [**getFolders**](docs/FolderApi.md#getFolders) | **POST** /GetFolders | Obtain a list of @see(Folder)s
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.FolderApi* | [**moveFolder**](docs/FolderApi.md#moveFolder) | **POST** /MoveFolder | Move a @see(Folder) from one @see(Folder) to another
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.FolderApi* | [**renameFolder**](docs/FolderApi.md#renameFolder) | **POST** /RenameFolder | Rename a @see(Folder)
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.GroupsApi* | [**copyGroup**](docs/GroupsApi.md#copyGroup) | **POST** /CopyGroup | Copy a group from one folder to another
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.GroupsApi* | [**createGroup**](docs/GroupsApi.md#createGroup) | **POST** /CreateGroup | Create a group
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.GroupsApi* | [**deleteGroup**](docs/GroupsApi.md#deleteGroup) | **POST** /DeleteGroup | Delete a group
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.GroupsApi* | [**getGroup**](docs/GroupsApi.md#getGroup) | **POST** /GetGroup | Get a group object
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.GroupsApi* | [**getGroupMembers**](docs/GroupsApi.md#getGroupMembers) | **POST** /GetGroupMembers | Get the members of a particular group
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.GroupsApi* | [**getGroups**](docs/GroupsApi.md#getGroups) | **POST** /GetGroups | List groups in the client
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.GroupsApi* | [**updateGroup**](docs/GroupsApi.md#updateGroup) | **POST** /UpdateGroup | Update a group
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.LogApi* | [**downloadAlerts**](docs/LogApi.md#downloadAlerts) | **GET** /DownloadAlerts | Returns back an excel file containing the alert log entries for a particular client
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.OpportunityMatricesApi* | [**createBusinessGoal**](docs/OpportunityMatricesApi.md#createBusinessGoal) | **POST** /CreateBusinessGoal | Create a Business Goal
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.OpportunityMatricesApi* | [**createInitiative**](docs/OpportunityMatricesApi.md#createInitiative) | **POST** /CreateInitiative | Create a Business Initiative
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.OpportunityMatricesApi* | [**createOpportunity**](docs/OpportunityMatricesApi.md#createOpportunity) | **POST** /CreateOpportunity | Create an opportunity
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.OpportunityMatricesApi* | [**deleteBusinessGoal**](docs/OpportunityMatricesApi.md#deleteBusinessGoal) | **POST** /DeleteBusinessGoal | Delete a Business Goal
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.OpportunityMatricesApi* | [**deleteInitiative**](docs/OpportunityMatricesApi.md#deleteInitiative) | **POST** /DeleteInitiative | Delete a Business Initiative
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.OpportunityMatricesApi* | [**deleteOpportunity**](docs/OpportunityMatricesApi.md#deleteOpportunity) | **POST** /DeleteOpportunity | Delete an opportunity
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.OpportunityMatricesApi* | [**getBusinessGoals**](docs/OpportunityMatricesApi.md#getBusinessGoals) | **POST** /GetBusinessGoals | Get the list of Business Goal
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.OpportunityMatricesApi* | [**getEventStreamInitiatives**](docs/OpportunityMatricesApi.md#getEventStreamInitiatives) | **POST** /GetEventStreamInitiatives | Get initiatives for an event stream
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.OpportunityMatricesApi* | [**getInitiatives**](docs/OpportunityMatricesApi.md#getInitiatives) | **POST** /GetInitiatives | Get all current initiatives
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.OpportunityMatricesApi* | [**getOpportunities**](docs/OpportunityMatricesApi.md#getOpportunities) | **POST** /GetOpportunities | Get the list of opportunities
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.OpportunityMatricesApi* | [**getOpportunityMatrix**](docs/OpportunityMatricesApi.md#getOpportunityMatrix) | **POST** /GetOpportunityMatrix | Gets abbreviated details of all campaigns that are currently plotted on the opportunity matrix
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.OpportunityMatricesApi* | [**updateBusinessGoal**](docs/OpportunityMatricesApi.md#updateBusinessGoal) | **POST** /UpdateBusinessGoal | Update a Business Goal
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.OpportunityMatricesApi* | [**updateInitiative**](docs/OpportunityMatricesApi.md#updateInitiative) | **POST** /UpdateInitiative | Update a Business Initiative
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.OpportunityMatricesApi* | [**updateOpportunity**](docs/OpportunityMatricesApi.md#updateOpportunity) | **POST** /UpdateOpportunity | Update an Opportunity
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.OpportunityMatricesApi* | [**updateOpportunityMatrix**](docs/OpportunityMatricesApi.md#updateOpportunityMatrix) | **POST** /UpdateOpportunityMatrix | Store all the details for every campaign that&#39;s now plotted on the opportunity matrix.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.PatternsApi* | [**createPattern**](docs/PatternsApi.md#createPattern) | **POST** /CreatePattern | Creates a Pattern definition to capture settings and record where any output is located. The actual detected patterns will not be populated until tasks are run against it
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.PatternsApi* | [**createPatternTasks**](docs/PatternsApi.md#createPatternTasks) | **POST** /CreatePatternTasks | Creates a task to perform an action against a pattern definition
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.PatternsApi* | [**deletePattern**](docs/PatternsApi.md#deletePattern) | **POST** /DeletePattern | Delete one or more pattern definitions
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.PatternsApi* | [**getPattern**](docs/PatternsApi.md#getPattern) | **POST** /GetPattern | Get a pattern definition
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.PatternsApi* | [**getPatternRecords**](docs/PatternsApi.md#getPatternRecords) | **POST** /GetPatternRecords | Get records from a pattern table
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.PatternsApi* | [**getPatternTasks**](docs/PatternsApi.md#getPatternTasks) | **POST** /GetPatternTasks | Check on the status of pattern tasks
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.PatternsApi* | [**getPatterns**](docs/PatternsApi.md#getPatterns) | **POST** /GetPatterns | Get one or more pattern definitions
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.PatternsApi* | [**getRepeatingPatternItemScores**](docs/PatternsApi.md#getRepeatingPatternItemScores) | **POST** /GetRepeatingPatternItemScores | Gets the scores recorded against the underlying sequence items that are composed into patterns             Currently unscored items are returned with a zero score             Scores can either be recorded directly onto the Item labels themselves or they can be applied to the target labels (e.g. Journeys) that correspond to a specified decode &#39;alias&#39; transform that has been published to the pattern             and sits along-side the sequence item data
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.PatternsApi* | [**getRepeatingPatternItems**](docs/PatternsApi.md#getRepeatingPatternItems) | **POST** /GetRepeatingPatternItems | Gets the underlying sequence items that can be composed into patterns along with any scores that have been used to calculate the MSI (direct or via decodes)             Initially, this will be all the distinct sequence items in the table             Once a pattern has been calculated and uploaded this will be filtered down to only those sequence items that appear in a pattern
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.PatternsApi* | [**requestCancelPatternTasks**](docs/PatternsApi.md#requestCancelPatternTasks) | **POST** /RequestCancelPatternTasks | Requests cancellation of all tasks for a pattern. This may take some time to be actioned if the tasks are already running
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.PatternsApi* | [**updatePattern**](docs/PatternsApi.md#updatePattern) | **POST** /UpdatePattern | Updates a Pattern definition.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.PatternsApi* | [**updateRepeatingPatternItemScores**](docs/PatternsApi.md#updateRepeatingPatternItemScores) | **POST** /UpdateRepeatingPatternItemScores | Update one or more of the scores maintained against the underlying sequence item labels that are composed into patterns             Scores can either be recorded directly onto the Item labels themselves or they can be applied to the target labels (e.g. Journeys) that correspond to a specified &#39;alias&#39; transform that sits along-side the sequence item data             Only one such decode alias can be scored at a time and when scores are applied they are applied from the alias first and then overridden with any score that has been stored againt the items themselves             If the scores are to be applied against a decode then its id and version must be specified             The scores are intended to denote the relative importance of items in a sequence. The label of the item with the highest score will serve as the overall label (MSI) for the sequence             Specifying zero for a score is the only way of &#39;unscoring&#39; it at present
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.PermissionsApi* | [**clearPermissions**](docs/PermissionsApi.md#clearPermissions) | **POST** /ClearPermissions | Clear the permissions for the specific security ID
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.PermissionsApi* | [**getAvailablePermissions**](docs/PermissionsApi.md#getAvailablePermissions) | **POST** /GetAvailablePermissions | Gets a list of the permissions; this is a simple list and does not include permission values, etc.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.PermissionsApi* | [**getGroupsWithPermission**](docs/PermissionsApi.md#getGroupsWithPermission) | **POST** /GetGroupsWithPermission | List the groups which have been granted the specified permission
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.PermissionsApi* | [**getPermissions**](docs/PermissionsApi.md#getPermissions) | **POST** /GetPermissions | Given a particular item, fetch a list of permissions on that item for a given user or group.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.PermissionsApi* | [**getPermittedUsersAndGroups**](docs/PermissionsApi.md#getPermittedUsersAndGroups) | **POST** /GetPermittedUsersAndGroups | List the users and groups which have direct or indirect access to the specified item
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.PermissionsApi* | [**getResources**](docs/PermissionsApi.md#getResources) | **POST** /GetResources | Gets a list of the resource types for permissions
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.PermissionsApi* | [**getUsersWithPermission**](docs/PermissionsApi.md#getUsersWithPermission) | **POST** /GetUsersWithPermission | List the users which have been granted the specified permission
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.PermissionsApi* | [**setPermissions**](docs/PermissionsApi.md#setPermissions) | **POST** /SetPermissions | Set permissions for a particular item and securityID
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.PermissionsApi* | [**takeOwnershipPermission**](docs/PermissionsApi.md#takeOwnershipPermission) | **POST** /TakeOwnershipPermission | Change the owner of a particular item from the current owner to somebody else
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.PersonaApi* | [**createPersona**](docs/PersonaApi.md#createPersona) | **POST** /CreatePersona | Creates a @see(Persona)
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.PersonaApi* | [**deletePersona**](docs/PersonaApi.md#deletePersona) | **POST** /DeletePersona | Deletes a persona from the system
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.PersonaApi* | [**getPersona**](docs/PersonaApi.md#getPersona) | **POST** /GetPersona | Returns back a single @see(Persona)
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.PersonaApi* | [**getPersonas**](docs/PersonaApi.md#getPersonas) | **POST** /GetPersonas | Returns back a list of @see(Persona)
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.PersonaApi* | [**updatePersona**](docs/PersonaApi.md#updatePersona) | **POST** /UpdatePersona | Updates an @see(Persona)
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.ProcessesApi* | [**getProcessApplications**](docs/ProcessesApi.md#getProcessApplications) | **POST** /GetProcessApplications | List all the applications that operate together to form the complete system. This list cannot be modified
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.ProcessesApi* | [**getProcessEntries**](docs/ProcessesApi.md#getProcessEntries) | **POST** /GetProcessEntries | Get the list of where each @see(ALProcessApplication) is currently located and it&#39;s last activity
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.ProcessesApi* | [**updateProcessEntry**](docs/ProcessesApi.md#updateProcessEntry) | **POST** /UpdateProcessEntry | Modify the location or settings of a particular instance of a @see(ALProcessApplication)
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.SystemApi* | [**getSystemIdentifier**](docs/SystemApi.md#getSystemIdentifier) | **POST** /GetSystemIdentifier | Returns back the system identifier for this CM system
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.SystemApi* | [**getSystemSettings**](docs/SystemApi.md#getSystemSettings) | **POST** /GetSystemSettings | Returns the system settings that are common to all clients
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.SystemApi* | [**updateSystemSetting**](docs/SystemApi.md#updateSystemSetting) | **POST** /UpdateSystemSetting | Updates one of the system settings (those that are common to all clients)
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.TemplateBuilderApi* | [**createWebSpoon**](docs/TemplateBuilderApi.md#createWebSpoon) | **POST** /CreateWebSpoon | Creates an instance of Template Builder which will be unique to this system, the brand and user which calls the method.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.TemplateBuilderApi* | [**deleteWebSpoon**](docs/TemplateBuilderApi.md#deleteWebSpoon) | **POST** /DeleteWebSpoon | Removes a Template Builder instance
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.TemplateBuilderApi* | [**getWebSpoonAvailable**](docs/TemplateBuilderApi.md#getWebSpoonAvailable) | **POST** /GetWebSpoonAvailable | Check to make sure Template Builder is available
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.TemplateBuilderApi* | [**getWebSpoonLoginUrl**](docs/TemplateBuilderApi.md#getWebSpoonLoginUrl) | **POST** /GetWebSpoonLoginUrl | Get a URL valid for redirecting to the Template Builder instance; note, this will return nothing if the operational status is not \&quot;UP\&quot;
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.TemplateBuilderApi* | [**listWebSpoon**](docs/TemplateBuilderApi.md#listWebSpoon) | **POST** /ListWebSpoon | Returns back the Template Builder instances which have been created for this system, brand and user (unique to that combination)
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.TokenApi* | [**createImpersonationToken**](docs/TokenApi.md#createImpersonationToken) | **POST** /CreateImpersonationToken | Using an SA token, create an impersonation token for the specific client and, optionally, user
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.TokenApi* | [**createStaticToken**](docs/TokenApi.md#createStaticToken) | **POST** /CreateStaticToken | Create a static token for API usage
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.TokenApi* | [**deleteStaticToken**](docs/TokenApi.md#deleteStaticToken) | **POST** /DeleteStaticToken | Remove a static token.  Any automation or other application which is using this token will cease to function.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.TokenApi* | [**getTokens**](docs/TokenApi.md#getTokens) | **POST** /GetTokens | Request a list of tokens.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.TokenApi* | [**updateStaticToken**](docs/TokenApi.md#updateStaticToken) | **POST** /UpdateStaticToken | Change the UserID mapping for a static token
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.UserSettingsApi* | [**getUserSetting**](docs/UserSettingsApi.md#getUserSetting) | **POST** /GetUserSetting | Returns back a value for a user setting
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.UserSettingsApi* | [**setUserSetting**](docs/UserSettingsApi.md#setUserSetting) | **POST** /SetUserSetting | Sets a user setting to the provided value
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.UsersApi* | [**copyUser**](docs/UsersApi.md#copyUser) | **POST** /CopyUser | Copy a user
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.UsersApi* | [**createUser**](docs/UsersApi.md#createUser) | **POST** /CreateUser | Add a new user to the specified @see(ALClient)
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.UsersApi* | [**deleteUser**](docs/UsersApi.md#deleteUser) | **POST** /DeleteUser | Delete a user
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.UsersApi* | [**deleteUserReassignAssets**](docs/UsersApi.md#deleteUserReassignAssets) | **POST** /DeleteUserReassignAssets | Deletes a user and reassigns their documents, files and folders to another user
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.UsersApi* | [**getCultures**](docs/UsersApi.md#getCultures) | **POST** /GetCultures | Get a list of cultures [for use with the @see(ALUser) ]
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.UsersApi* | [**getCurrentUser**](docs/UsersApi.md#getCurrentUser) | **POST** /GetCurrentUser | Return back the current user [based upon their token]
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.UsersApi* | [**getTimeZones**](docs/UsersApi.md#getTimeZones) | **POST** /GetTimeZones | Get a list of the timezones [for use with the @see(ALUser) ]
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.UsersApi* | [**getUser**](docs/UsersApi.md#getUser) | **POST** /GetUser | Given a UserID, get the rest of the details for that user.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.UsersApi* | [**getUsers**](docs/UsersApi.md#getUsers) | **POST** /GetUsers | List the users within the current @see(ALClient), optionally filtering the set returned.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.UsersApi* | [**getUsersForClient**](docs/UsersApi.md#getUsersForClient) | **POST** /GetUsersForClient | List the users within the specified client, optionally filtering the set returned.
*JourneyAnalyticsApi.UsersApi* | [**updateUser**](docs/UsersApi.md#updateUser) | **POST** /UpdateUser | Given an existing @see(ALUser) object save it to the database             Note that the object will normally have been retrieved by @see(GetUser), and that only fields which are set will be updated in the database


## Documentation for Models

 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ALClient](docs/ALClient.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ALClientSet](docs/ALClientSet.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ALCulture](docs/ALCulture.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ALDataSource](docs/ALDataSource.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ALDataSourceColumn](docs/ALDataSourceColumn.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ALDataSourceDatabase](docs/ALDataSourceDatabase.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ALDataSourceTable](docs/ALDataSourceTable.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ALDataSourceType](docs/ALDataSourceType.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ALDatasourceJoin](docs/ALDatasourceJoin.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ALDatasourceJoinColumn](docs/ALDatasourceJoinColumn.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ALDatasourceLink](docs/ALDatasourceLink.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ALDatasourceLinkJoin](docs/ALDatasourceLinkJoin.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ALDatasourcePrimaryKey](docs/ALDatasourcePrimaryKey.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ALPermission](docs/ALPermission.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ALPermissionFlag](docs/ALPermissionFlag.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ALProcess](docs/ALProcess.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ALProcessApplication](docs/ALProcessApplication.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ALUserGroup](docs/ALUserGroup.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.APICursor](docs/APICursor.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.APIFilter](docs/APIFilter.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.APILastModifiedCursor](docs/APILastModifiedCursor.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.APIMetadata](docs/APIMetadata.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.AUTHChangePasswordDefaultResponse](docs/AUTHChangePasswordDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.AUTHChangePasswordRequest](docs/AUTHChangePasswordRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.AUTHCreateLoginDefaultResponse](docs/AUTHCreateLoginDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.AUTHCreateLoginRequest](docs/AUTHCreateLoginRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.AUTHDisableLoginRequest](docs/AUTHDisableLoginRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.AUTHGetClientLoginsDefaultResponse](docs/AUTHGetClientLoginsDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.AUTHGetClientLoginsRequest](docs/AUTHGetClientLoginsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.AUTHGetLoginPasswordRulesDefaultResponse](docs/AUTHGetLoginPasswordRulesDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.AUTHGetLoginPasswordRulesRequest](docs/AUTHGetLoginPasswordRulesRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.AUTHGetLoginsForUserRequest](docs/AUTHGetLoginsForUserRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.AUTHGetLoginsRequest](docs/AUTHGetLoginsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.AUTHRenameLoginRequest](docs/AUTHRenameLoginRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.AUTHSetLoginUserIdRequest](docs/AUTHSetLoginUserIdRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.AUTHUpdateLoginRequest](docs/AUTHUpdateLoginRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.AddClientToClientSetRequest](docs/AddClientToClientSetRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.AddLoginImpersonationRequest](docs/AddLoginImpersonationRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.AddUserToBrandsRequest](docs/AddUserToBrandsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.AlchemyFieldType](docs/AlchemyFieldType.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ApplicationDetails](docs/ApplicationDetails.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.AppliesToType](docs/AppliesToType.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.AreDatasourceCampaignsPausedDefaultResponse](docs/AreDatasourceCampaignsPausedDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.AreDatasourceCampaignsPausedRequest](docs/AreDatasourceCampaignsPausedRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.AreDatasourceJobsCompleteRequest](docs/AreDatasourceJobsCompleteRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.BusinessGoal](docs/BusinessGoal.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.BusinessGoalKPI](docs/BusinessGoalKPI.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CMTokenInformation](docs/CMTokenInformation.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ClearPermissionsRequest](docs/ClearPermissionsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ColumnDataType](docs/ColumnDataType.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ColumnMatchList](docs/ColumnMatchList.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ColumnPublishedTransform](docs/ColumnPublishedTransform.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ColumnPublishedTransformSummary](docs/ColumnPublishedTransformSummary.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CopyGroupRequest](docs/CopyGroupRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CopyUserRequest](docs/CopyUserRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreateBusinessGoalRequest](docs/CreateBusinessGoalRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreateChannelRequest](docs/CreateChannelRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreateClientDefaultResponse](docs/CreateClientDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreateClientRequest](docs/CreateClientRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreateClientSetRequest](docs/CreateClientSetRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreateDataSourceMappingRequest](docs/CreateDataSourceMappingRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreateDatasourceRequest](docs/CreateDatasourceRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreateEMMappingRequest](docs/CreateEMMappingRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreateEMSessionDefaultResponse](docs/CreateEMSessionDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreateEMSessionRequest](docs/CreateEMSessionRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreateEventStreamGroupRequest](docs/CreateEventStreamGroupRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreateEventStreamRequest](docs/CreateEventStreamRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreateFolderRequest](docs/CreateFolderRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreateGroupRequest](docs/CreateGroupRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreateIdealisedJourneyRequest](docs/CreateIdealisedJourneyRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreateImpersonationTokenRequest](docs/CreateImpersonationTokenRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreateInitiativeRequest](docs/CreateInitiativeRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreateOpportunityRequest](docs/CreateOpportunityRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreatePatternRequest](docs/CreatePatternRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreatePatternTasksDefaultResponse](docs/CreatePatternTasksDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreatePatternTasksRequest](docs/CreatePatternTasksRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreatePersonaRequest](docs/CreatePersonaRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreateSankeyFavouriteRequest](docs/CreateSankeyFavouriteRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreateStaticTokenRequest](docs/CreateStaticTokenRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreateUserRequest](docs/CreateUserRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreateVisualisationFavouriteRequest](docs/CreateVisualisationFavouriteRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreateWebSpoonDefaultResponse](docs/CreateWebSpoonDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.CreateWebSpoonRequest](docs/CreateWebSpoonRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DMClient](docs/DMClient.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DMClientSet](docs/DMClientSet.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DMClientSettings](docs/DMClientSettings.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DMConditionalValue](docs/DMConditionalValue.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DMCreativeDTO](docs/DMCreativeDTO.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DMDeliveryContext](docs/DMDeliveryContext.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DMEditorType](docs/DMEditorType.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DMField](docs/DMField.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DMFieldStorageType](docs/DMFieldStorageType.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DMFieldType](docs/DMFieldType.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DMGroup](docs/DMGroup.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DMInboundAddress](docs/DMInboundAddress.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DMInboundEventForward](docs/DMInboundEventForward.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DMOmnitureSettings](docs/DMOmnitureSettings.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DMTimeZoneInfo](docs/DMTimeZoneInfo.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DMUser](docs/DMUser.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DMVMTA](docs/DMVMTA.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DMVariableType](docs/DMVariableType.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DMVariableValue](docs/DMVariableValue.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DMWCMEntry](docs/DMWCMEntry.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DataSourceAttributeTypes](docs/DataSourceAttributeTypes.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourceAttribute](docs/DatasourceAttribute.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DatasourceUserMapping](docs/DatasourceUserMapping.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DecodeList](docs/DecodeList.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DeleteBusinessGoalRequest](docs/DeleteBusinessGoalRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DeleteChannelRequest](docs/DeleteChannelRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DeleteClientRequest](docs/DeleteClientRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DeleteClientSetRequest](docs/DeleteClientSetRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DeleteDatasourceRequest](docs/DeleteDatasourceRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DeleteEMMappingRequest](docs/DeleteEMMappingRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DeleteEventStreamCustomerColumnsFromGroupRequest](docs/DeleteEventStreamCustomerColumnsFromGroupRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DeleteEventStreamCustomerColumnsRequest](docs/DeleteEventStreamCustomerColumnsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DeleteEventStreamGroupRequest](docs/DeleteEventStreamGroupRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DeleteEventStreamRequest](docs/DeleteEventStreamRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DeleteFieldTransformListRequest](docs/DeleteFieldTransformListRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DeleteFolderRequest](docs/DeleteFolderRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DeleteGroupRequest](docs/DeleteGroupRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DeleteIdealisedJourneyRequest](docs/DeleteIdealisedJourneyRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DeleteInitiativeRequest](docs/DeleteInitiativeRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DeleteOpportunityRequest](docs/DeleteOpportunityRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DeletePatternRequest](docs/DeletePatternRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DeletePersonaRequest](docs/DeletePersonaRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DeleteSankeyFavouritesRequest](docs/DeleteSankeyFavouritesRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DeleteStaticTokenRequest](docs/DeleteStaticTokenRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DeleteTransformRequest](docs/DeleteTransformRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DeleteUserReassignAssetsRequest](docs/DeleteUserReassignAssetsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DeleteUserRequest](docs/DeleteUserRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DeleteVisualisationFavouritesRequest](docs/DeleteVisualisationFavouritesRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DeleteWebSpoonRequest](docs/DeleteWebSpoonRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DisableClientRequest](docs/DisableClientRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DisableDatasourceRequest](docs/DisableDatasourceRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DiscreteValue](docs/DiscreteValue.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.DiscreteValueData](docs/DiscreteValueData.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMAbortDeploymentRequest](docs/EMAbortDeploymentRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMAuthenticateRequest](docs/EMAuthenticateRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMClient](docs/EMClient.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMContentType](docs/EMContentType.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMDeleteListRequest](docs/EMDeleteListRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMDocument](docs/EMDocument.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMDocumentActivityType](docs/EMDocumentActivityType.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMDocumentType](docs/EMDocumentType.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMDownloadMapping](docs/EMDownloadMapping.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMFolderDTO](docs/EMFolderDTO.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMFoldersDTO](docs/EMFoldersDTO.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMGetClientGroupUsersDefaultResponse](docs/EMGetClientGroupUsersDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMGetClientGroupUsersRequest](docs/EMGetClientGroupUsersRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMGetClientGroupsDefaultResponse](docs/EMGetClientGroupsDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMGetClientGroupsRequest](docs/EMGetClientGroupsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMGetClientInfoDefaultResponse](docs/EMGetClientInfoDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMGetClientInfoRequest](docs/EMGetClientInfoRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMGetClientSetsDefaultResponse](docs/EMGetClientSetsDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMGetClientSetsRequest](docs/EMGetClientSetsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMGetCreativeDefaultResponse](docs/EMGetCreativeDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMGetCreativeFieldsDefaultResponse](docs/EMGetCreativeFieldsDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMGetCreativeRequest](docs/EMGetCreativeRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMGetCreativesDefaultResponse](docs/EMGetCreativesDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMGetCreativesRequest](docs/EMGetCreativesRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMGetEMServiceURLRequest](docs/EMGetEMServiceURLRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMGetFoldersLazyDefaultResponse](docs/EMGetFoldersLazyDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMGetFoldersLazyRequest](docs/EMGetFoldersLazyRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMGetInboundAddressesDefaultResponse](docs/EMGetInboundAddressesDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMGetInboundAddressesRequest](docs/EMGetInboundAddressesRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMGetTemplateContentRequest](docs/EMGetTemplateContentRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMGetUsersRequest](docs/EMGetUsersRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMLogOffRequest](docs/EMLogOffRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMPauseDeploymentRequest](docs/EMPauseDeploymentRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMPrimaryKeysDefaultResponse](docs/EMPrimaryKeysDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMPrimaryKeysRequest](docs/EMPrimaryKeysRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMSetEMServiceURLRequest](docs/EMSetEMServiceURLRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMTestEMServiceURLRequest](docs/EMTestEMServiceURLRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMUploadMapping](docs/EMUploadMapping.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EMVariable](docs/EMVariable.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EnableDatasourceRequest](docs/EnableDatasourceRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStream](docs/EventStream.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamAlignmentType](docs/EventStreamAlignmentType.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamColumnTransform](docs/EventStreamColumnTransform.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamCountType](docs/EventStreamCountType.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamCustomerField](docs/EventStreamCustomerField.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamDecodeMappings](docs/EventStreamDecodeMappings.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamField](docs/EventStreamField.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamKey](docs/EventStreamKey.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamModel](docs/EventStreamModel.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamPattern](docs/EventStreamPattern.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.EventStreamTransition](docs/EventStreamTransition.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ExportEventStreamInteractionRequest](docs/ExportEventStreamInteractionRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.FieldTransformList](docs/FieldTransformList.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.FieldTransformationResult](docs/FieldTransformationResult.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.FieldTransformationSampleSettings](docs/FieldTransformationSampleSettings.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.FieldTransformationSampleType](docs/FieldTransformationSampleType.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.FieldTransforms](docs/FieldTransforms.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.FieldType](docs/FieldType.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.Folder](docs/Folder.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.FolderTypes](docs/FolderTypes.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetAvailablePermissionsDefaultResponse](docs/GetAvailablePermissionsDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetBrandTokenRequest](docs/GetBrandTokenRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetBrandsDefaultResponse](docs/GetBrandsDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetBrandsRequest](docs/GetBrandsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetBusinessGoalsDefaultResponse](docs/GetBusinessGoalsDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetChannelsDefaultResponse](docs/GetChannelsDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetClientSetsDefaultResponse](docs/GetClientSetsDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetClientSetsRequest](docs/GetClientSetsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetClientSettingsDefaultResponse](docs/GetClientSettingsDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetClientSettingsRequest](docs/GetClientSettingsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetClientsRequest](docs/GetClientsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetCulturesDefaultResponse](docs/GetCulturesDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetCurrentClientDefaultResponse](docs/GetCurrentClientDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetCurrentUserDefaultResponse](docs/GetCurrentUserDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetCurrentUserRequest](docs/GetCurrentUserRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetDataSourceAttributesDefaultResponse](docs/GetDataSourceAttributesDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetDataSourceAttributesRequest](docs/GetDataSourceAttributesRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetDataSourceEngineUserNameDefaultResponse](docs/GetDataSourceEngineUserNameDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetDataSourceEngineUserNameRequest](docs/GetDataSourceEngineUserNameRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetDataSourceItemsDefaultResponse](docs/GetDataSourceItemsDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetDataSourceItemsRequest](docs/GetDataSourceItemsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetDataSourceMappingsDefaultResponse](docs/GetDataSourceMappingsDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetDataSourceMappingsRequest](docs/GetDataSourceMappingsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetDataSourceTypesDefaultResponse](docs/GetDataSourceTypesDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetDataSourceUsersDefaultResponse](docs/GetDataSourceUsersDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetDataSourceUsersRequest](docs/GetDataSourceUsersRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetDataSourcesDefaultResponse](docs/GetDataSourcesDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetDataSourcesRequest](docs/GetDataSourcesRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetDatasourceColumnDefaultResponse](docs/GetDatasourceColumnDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetDatasourceColumnRequest](docs/GetDatasourceColumnRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetDatasourceColumnsDefaultResponse](docs/GetDatasourceColumnsDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetDatasourceColumnsRequest](docs/GetDatasourceColumnsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetDatasourceDatabasesDefaultResponse](docs/GetDatasourceDatabasesDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetDatasourceDatabasesRequest](docs/GetDatasourceDatabasesRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetDatasourceDefaultResponse](docs/GetDatasourceDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetDatasourceFieldTypesDefaultResponse](docs/GetDatasourceFieldTypesDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetDatasourceRequest](docs/GetDatasourceRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetDatasourceTablesDefaultResponse](docs/GetDatasourceTablesDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetDatasourceTablesRequest](docs/GetDatasourceTablesRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetDecodeListDefaultResponse](docs/GetDecodeListDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetDecodeListRequest](docs/GetDecodeListRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetEMDownloadMappingsDefaultResponse](docs/GetEMDownloadMappingsDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetEMMappingDefaultResponse](docs/GetEMMappingDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetEMMappingRequest](docs/GetEMMappingRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetEMMappingsDefaultResponse](docs/GetEMMappingsDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetEMMappingsRequest](docs/GetEMMappingsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetEventRecordsDefaultResponse](docs/GetEventRecordsDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetEventRecordsRequest](docs/GetEventRecordsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetEventStreamAggregatesRequest](docs/GetEventStreamAggregatesRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetEventStreamChannelsRequest](docs/GetEventStreamChannelsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetEventStreamDecodeMappingsDefaultResponse](docs/GetEventStreamDecodeMappingsDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetEventStreamDecodeMappingsRequest](docs/GetEventStreamDecodeMappingsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetEventStreamDecodeTargetDiscretesDefaultResponse](docs/GetEventStreamDecodeTargetDiscretesDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetEventStreamDecodeTargetDiscretesRequest](docs/GetEventStreamDecodeTargetDiscretesRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetEventStreamDefaultResponse](docs/GetEventStreamDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetEventStreamDiscreteValuesDefaultResponse](docs/GetEventStreamDiscreteValuesDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetEventStreamDiscreteValuesRequest](docs/GetEventStreamDiscreteValuesRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetEventStreamInitiativesDefaultResponse](docs/GetEventStreamInitiativesDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetEventStreamInitiativesRequest](docs/GetEventStreamInitiativesRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetEventStreamModelsDefaultResponse](docs/GetEventStreamModelsDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetEventStreamModelsRequest](docs/GetEventStreamModelsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetEventStreamRequest](docs/GetEventStreamRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetEventStreamsDefaultResponse](docs/GetEventStreamsDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetFieldTransformListDefaultResponse](docs/GetFieldTransformListDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetFieldTransformListRequest](docs/GetFieldTransformListRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetFieldTransformListsDefaultResponse](docs/GetFieldTransformListsDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetFieldTransformationDiscreteValuesRequest](docs/GetFieldTransformationDiscreteValuesRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetFieldTransformationMappingsDefaultResponse](docs/GetFieldTransformationMappingsDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetFieldTransformationMappingsRequest](docs/GetFieldTransformationMappingsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetFolderDefaultResponse](docs/GetFolderDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetFolderRequest](docs/GetFolderRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetFoldersDefaultResponse](docs/GetFoldersDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetFoldersRequest](docs/GetFoldersRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetGroupDefaultResponse](docs/GetGroupDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetGroupMembersDefaultResponse](docs/GetGroupMembersDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetGroupMembersRequest](docs/GetGroupMembersRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetGroupRequest](docs/GetGroupRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetGroupsDefaultResponse](docs/GetGroupsDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetGroupsRequest](docs/GetGroupsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetGroupsWithPermissionDefaultResponse](docs/GetGroupsWithPermissionDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetGroupsWithPermissionRequest](docs/GetGroupsWithPermissionRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetIdealisedJourneysDefaultResponse](docs/GetIdealisedJourneysDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetLoginBrandDefaultDefaultResponse](docs/GetLoginBrandDefaultDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetLoginBrandDefaultRequest](docs/GetLoginBrandDefaultRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetLoginUserMappingDefaultResponse](docs/GetLoginUserMappingDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetLoginUserMappingRequest](docs/GetLoginUserMappingRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetOpportunitiesDefaultResponse](docs/GetOpportunitiesDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetOpportunityMatrixDefaultResponse](docs/GetOpportunityMatrixDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetPatternDefaultResponse](docs/GetPatternDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetPatternRecordsRequest](docs/GetPatternRecordsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetPatternRequest](docs/GetPatternRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetPatternTasksRequest](docs/GetPatternTasksRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetPatternsDefaultResponse](docs/GetPatternsDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetPatternsRequest](docs/GetPatternsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetPermissionsDefaultResponse](docs/GetPermissionsDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetPermissionsRequest](docs/GetPermissionsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetPermittedUsersAndGroupsRequest](docs/GetPermittedUsersAndGroupsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetPersonaDefaultResponse](docs/GetPersonaDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetPersonaRequest](docs/GetPersonaRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetPersonasDefaultResponse](docs/GetPersonasDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetPersonasRequest](docs/GetPersonasRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetProcessApplicationsDefaultResponse](docs/GetProcessApplicationsDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetProcessEntriesDefaultResponse](docs/GetProcessEntriesDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetProcessEntriesRequest](docs/GetProcessEntriesRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetProcessStatusDefaultResponse](docs/GetProcessStatusDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetProcessStatusRequest](docs/GetProcessStatusRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetRepeatingPatternItemScoresDefaultResponse](docs/GetRepeatingPatternItemScoresDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetRepeatingPatternItemScoresRequest](docs/GetRepeatingPatternItemScoresRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetRepeatingPatternItemsRequest](docs/GetRepeatingPatternItemsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetResourcesDefaultResponse](docs/GetResourcesDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetSankeyFavouritesDefaultResponse](docs/GetSankeyFavouritesDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetSankeyFavouritesRequest](docs/GetSankeyFavouritesRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetTimeZonesDefaultResponse](docs/GetTimeZonesDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetTokenDetailsDefaultResponse](docs/GetTokenDetailsDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetTokensDefaultResponse](docs/GetTokensDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetTokensRequest](docs/GetTokensRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetTransformsRequest](docs/GetTransformsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetUserRequest](docs/GetUserRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetUserSettingRequest](docs/GetUserSettingRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetUsersDefaultResponse](docs/GetUsersDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetUsersForClientRequest](docs/GetUsersForClientRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetUsersRequest](docs/GetUsersRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetUsersWithPermissionRequest](docs/GetUsersWithPermissionRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetVisualisationFavouritesDefaultResponse](docs/GetVisualisationFavouritesDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.GetWebSpoonLoginUrlRequest](docs/GetWebSpoonLoginUrlRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.IDatasourceObject](docs/IDatasourceObject.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.IdealisedJourney](docs/IdealisedJourney.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.InboundAddresses](docs/InboundAddresses.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.Initiative](docs/Initiative.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ListWebSpoonDefaultResponse](docs/ListWebSpoonDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ListWebSpoonRequest](docs/ListWebSpoonRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.LoginInfo](docs/LoginInfo.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.LoginUserMapping](docs/LoginUserMapping.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.MarkDatasourceAsPendingDisableRequest](docs/MarkDatasourceAsPendingDisableRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.MatchOptions](docs/MatchOptions.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.MetricPolarity](docs/MetricPolarity.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ModelSnapshotOptions](docs/ModelSnapshotOptions.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.MoveEMMappingRequest](docs/MoveEMMappingRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.MoveFolderRequest](docs/MoveFolderRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.OperationResult](docs/OperationResult.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.Opportunity](docs/Opportunity.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.OpportunityItem](docs/OpportunityItem.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.OpportunityItemType](docs/OpportunityItemType.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.OpportunityMatrix](docs/OpportunityMatrix.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.Package](docs/Package.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.Pattern](docs/Pattern.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.PatternScoreList](docs/PatternScoreList.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.PatternState](docs/PatternState.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.PatternTask](docs/PatternTask.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.PatternTaskState](docs/PatternTaskState.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.PatternTaskType](docs/PatternTaskType.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.PauseDatasourceCampaignsRequest](docs/PauseDatasourceCampaignsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.Permission](docs/Permission.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.PermissionResource](docs/PermissionResource.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.PermissionSource](docs/PermissionSource.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.PermissionUserGroup](docs/PermissionUserGroup.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.Persona](docs/Persona.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.PersonaLink](docs/PersonaLink.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ProcessStatus](docs/ProcessStatus.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.PublishedTransformSummary](docs/PublishedTransformSummary.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.PublishedTransformVersion](docs/PublishedTransformVersion.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.QueryEventStreamCountDefaultResponse](docs/QueryEventStreamCountDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.QueryEventStreamCountRequest](docs/QueryEventStreamCountRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.QueryEventStreamDefaultResponse](docs/QueryEventStreamDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.QueryEventStreamRequest](docs/QueryEventStreamRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.QueryEventStreamResult](docs/QueryEventStreamResult.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.QueryEventStreamTransitionRequest](docs/QueryEventStreamTransitionRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.RecordColumn](docs/RecordColumn.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.RecordData](docs/RecordData.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.RefreshDatasourceRequest](docs/RefreshDatasourceRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.RemoveLoginBrandDefaultRequest](docs/RemoveLoginBrandDefaultRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.RemoveLoginImpersonationRequest](docs/RemoveLoginImpersonationRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.RemoveLoginUserMappingRequest](docs/RemoveLoginUserMappingRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.RenameEMMappingRequest](docs/RenameEMMappingRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.RenameFolderRequest](docs/RenameFolderRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.RequestCancelPatternTasksRequest](docs/RequestCancelPatternTasksRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ResourceType](docs/ResourceType.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.ResumeDatasourceCampaignsRequest](docs/ResumeDatasourceCampaignsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.Rule](docs/Rule.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.RunSequencePredictorDefaultResponse](docs/RunSequencePredictorDefaultResponse.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.RunSequencePredictorRequest](docs/RunSequencePredictorRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.SankeyFavourite](docs/SankeyFavourite.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.SaveDecodeListRequest](docs/SaveDecodeListRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.SaveFieldTransformListRequest](docs/SaveFieldTransformListRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.SearchPredicates](docs/SearchPredicates.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.SequencePredictorPredictionOptions](docs/SequencePredictorPredictionOptions.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.SequencePredictorResult](docs/SequencePredictorResult.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.SequencePredictorTrainingOptions](docs/SequencePredictorTrainingOptions.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.SetLoginBrandDefaultRequest](docs/SetLoginBrandDefaultRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.SetLoginUserMappingRequest](docs/SetLoginUserMappingRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.SetPermissionsRequest](docs/SetPermissionsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.SetUserSettingRequest](docs/SetUserSettingRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.SettingAppliesTo](docs/SettingAppliesTo.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.SettingValue](docs/SettingValue.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.TakeOwnershipPermissionRequest](docs/TakeOwnershipPermissionRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.Transform](docs/Transform.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.TransformType](docs/TransformType.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.UpdateChannelRequest](docs/UpdateChannelRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.UpdateClientSettingsRequest](docs/UpdateClientSettingsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.UpdateDatasourceRequest](docs/UpdateDatasourceRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.UpdateEventStreamFieldTransformListsRequest](docs/UpdateEventStreamFieldTransformListsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.UpdateIdealisedJourneyRequest](docs/UpdateIdealisedJourneyRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.UpdateOpportunityMatrixRequest](docs/UpdateOpportunityMatrixRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.UpdatePatternRequest](docs/UpdatePatternRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.UpdateProcessEntryRequest](docs/UpdateProcessEntryRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.UpdateRepeatingPatternItemScoresRequest](docs/UpdateRepeatingPatternItemScoresRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.UpdateSankeyFavouriteRequest](docs/UpdateSankeyFavouriteRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.UpdateStaticTokenRequest](docs/UpdateStaticTokenRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.UpdateSystemSettingRequest](docs/UpdateSystemSettingRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.UpdateVisualisationFavouriteRequest](docs/UpdateVisualisationFavouriteRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.UpsertEventStreamCustomerColumnsRequest](docs/UpsertEventStreamCustomerColumnsRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.UpsertEventStreamCustomerColumnsToGroupRequest](docs/UpsertEventStreamCustomerColumnsToGroupRequest.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.UserGroupSource](docs/UserGroupSource.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.VisualisationFavourite](docs/VisualisationFavourite.md)
 - [JourneyAnalyticsApi.WebSpoonStatus](docs/WebSpoonStatus.md)


## Documentation for Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### TokenAuth


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: X-Api-Key
- **Location**: HTTP header

